=head1 YEG Historical Buildings
This is just a little Android application that show some historical buildings in Edmonton.  

=head2 Some locations around Edmonton:
Intersection of 100 Ave & 105 Street: -113.501118 53.538860

The City of Edmonton's Open Data Catalogue: 
http://data.edmonton.ca/

Website for the Historical Buildings catalogue:
http://data.edmonton.ca/DataBrowser.aspx?Container=coe&EntitySet=HistoricalBuildings

Tom Opgenorth
http://www.opgenorth.net
Twitter:  topgenorth

=head1 TODO
=over 4
=item * Deploy to Google Market.
=item * Unit testing story in Android.
=over 4
=item - Setup a build script.
=item - Build server.
=back
=item * Don’t always fetch the data – store it locally
=item * More efficient JSON parsing?
=item * Notify the user when they are within a certain distance of a historical building.
=item * Better information about the historical building:
=over 4
=item - Create Wikipedia entries and link to that.
=item - Petition the City of Edmonton to convert their PDF’s to a more neutral format?
=back
=item * Incorporate other data sources:
=over 4
=item - The Edmonton Public Library has some information about the “Lost Building of Edmonton”.
=back
=item * Allow the user to update their coordinates for YEG’s historical buildings.
=item * Include buildings that aren’t necessarily designated as historical, but are interesting architecturally or otherwise.
=item * Instead of using YEG OpenData, perhaps an independent cloud based data store (Azure maybe?)
=back
