=head1 YEG Historical Buildings

This is just a little Android application that show some historical relativeBuildings in Edmonton.

The City of Edmonton's Open Data Catalogue: http://data.edmonton.ca/

Website for the Historical Buildings catalogue: http://data.edmonton.ca/DataBrowser/coe/HistoricalBuildings#param=NOFILTER--DataView--Results

Tom Opgenorth

http://www.opgenorth.net

Twitter:  topgenorth

=head2 Some locations around Edmonton for testing:

You can set the GPS location in the emulator by using telnet, and then typing 'geo fix <lat> <lon>'

=over 4

=item * Intersection of 100 Ave & 105 Street: 53.538860 -113.501118

=item * 109 Street & Jasper Ave 53.541111 -113.508838

=item * Jasper ave & 101 Street : 53.54270 -113.49332

=item * The Cenotaph in front of City Hall: 53.544643 -113.49006

=back

=head1 TODO

=over 4

=item * Deploy to Google Market.

=item * Unit testing story in Android.

=over 4

=item * Setup a build script.

=item * Build server.

=back

=item * db4o instead of SQLite?

=item * More efficient JSON parsing?

=item * Notify the user when they are within a certain distance of a historical relativeBuilding.

=item * Better information about the historical relativeBuilding:

=over 4

=item * Create Wikipedia entries and link to that.

=item * Petition the City of Edmonton to convert their PDF's to a more neutral format?

=back

=item * Incorporate other data sources:

=over 4

=item * The Edmonton Public Library has some information about the Lost Building of
Edmonton.

=back

=item * Allow the user to update their coordinates for YEG's historical relativeBuildings.

=item * Include buildings that aren't necessarily designated as historical, but are interesting architecturally or otherwise.

=back

